About :
Indonesian archipelago has fascinated many people and encouraged them to stay or visit. 
Its numerous cultures and local languages are worth exploring and stuying. In one region alone,
there might be more than one local language spoken. the amazing thing is, the Indonesian language does
not only bridge the cultural differences between ethnic groups in Indonesia. More than that,
the Indonesian language is the official language to be used nationally

Unlike other languages, the Indonesian language is considered easier for it has simple grammar rules and
almost all words are written phonetically. learning the Indonesian language is exciting and challenging at the same time, and to learn it is one of the best decisions ever made.

Nusantara Indonesia (NUSIA) means the Indonesia archipelago from Sabang to Merauke. Established in 2020, Nusia is eager to deliver interactive and innavative learning experiences that portray Indonesian cultural
richness through virtual learning ecperiences.

Eliminate barriers of distance, time, and materials to learn about Indonesia ! you can learn the Indonesia language as its cultures with NUSIA anytime and anywhere. you can choose learning materials that we have already developed or personalize them to meet your needs. Most impoetantly, personalize them to meet your needs. Most importantly, the materuals are delivered in accordance with the latest research on language acquisition methods to help you better understand them.

Dear all, NUSIA invites you to a virtual learning experience that shows the exquisite beauty of the Indonesian language and its cultures. expand your horizon and discover the rich cultural tapestry that defines Indonsia! We are really looking forward to having you in NUSIA's classes! See you soon !



15 sessions per level
(100 minutes/ session)

We offer a set of learning materials to boots your indonesian language proficiency. The materials are developed based on a NUSIA syllabus which refers to American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Language ( ACTFL ) proficiency guidelines ( click on this link)
"https://www.actfl.org/sites/default/files/guidelines/ACTFLProficiencyGuidelines2012.pdf". This course covers all four language skill: listening, reading, speaking and writing. The level are dived into nine as mentioned in the following

90 minutes / session
Do you want to talk about day-to-day topics or certain topics of your interest ( Indonesian cultures, phenomenon, etc.) with native speakers ? Or You have already joined the general Indonesain language course but need a partner to review the materials or practice your speaking more? This is the best option for you! You can decide topics to discuss and choose the number of sessions you want. Enroll now and boost your speaking skill one-on-one with our language partners in no time!.

120 minutes/session.
Learining Indonesian cultures is now available online! Experience virtual Indonesian cultural classes with our professional instructors! We provide various cultural classes, such as poetry reading, dancing, singing, and many more. The total session in each class may differ based on its difficulty level. Book your class right now and have a real fun with us!.

Footer:
Programs: General Indonesian Language, Language partners, Indonesian culture
Quik Links: Frequently asked questions, Contact Us, Apply Now
Connect With Us!: nusia_edu, Nusia Edu, Nusia Education
